So, I love uh line charts and bar graphs
as much as the next guy, probably more.
Uh the story of 11 Labs is also
interesting from a human perspective.
But, is you started a company with a
childhood friend. So, maybe take us back
to 2022 or earlier and just tell the the
human side of the 11 Labs story to
start.
The I have the I have the most luck in
the story of 11 Labs because well, it
started in 2022 it felt feels like it
started 17 years ago when I met my my
co-founder Piotr.
Uh all the names in Polish are
complicated luckily for for for us, but
we we met in high school, became best
friends, took all the same classes
together, and then through the years did
everything together. So, we traveled
together, studied together, worked
together, and time is on our side. We
are still best friends. It's working
it's working out. Um and part of what
started 11 Labs is is is inspiration
from where we are both from. We are both
from Poland.
Uh so, I was of Warsaw. And there's a
very peculiar thing in Poland. If you if
you watch any foreign movie in Polish
language, all the voices, whether that's
a male voice or a female voice, get
narrated with one single character.
So, as you can imagine, pretty terrible
experience. You have literally one voice
narrating everything.
Um it usually also on purpose is kept in
monotone. So, you are meant to interpret
your own emotions for that content. And
uh while we grew up with this, this is
still happening today for majority of
content. And that kind of opened our
eyes into one of the clear things across
the domain across audio domain um across
the future will be this ability for
everybody to speak any language with the
same emotion, the same intonation. Um
and we started diving deeper into that
problem and realized the problem of
audio exists in so many other domains,
too. Whether that's narrating the
content around us, um whether that's the
books not being available in audio form,
whether that's the and articles that we
could read, whether that's that language
barrier or in the future as we heard in
the previous conversations, the future
where human noise the robots are around
us, the voice will be the primary
interface to a lot of that technology
and and something we would love to fix
and solve.
Excellent.
Um and 11 Labs builds frontier models
for audio. I think there's a paradigm
now where to build a frontier model, you
have to start with hundreds of millions
or billions of dollars and then figure
out the rest later. 11 Labs did not take
that path. Can you talk a little bit
about your approach towards building
this company, why you have this hasn't
been replicated, is that even possible
in 2026,
etc.
Yeah, that goes I think that continues
that great luck and timing because we
started in 2022. For those of you
working in the domain at the time, that
that was the year of crypto [snorts]
and metaverse. Nobody was still working
on the AI side.
Um
even further,
people were starting to work, of course,
on the text models and the visual
models, but audio as a domain was still
considered a big niche with so few
researchers in the space working on on
that work. So, for us that was
a good part of picking that domain where
A, we were excited about where that
future is called, we felt that people
around just didn't realize the value of
that domain, but three, the requirements
of what you needed to solve were very
different. The audio models were
smaller,
so you don't need as much computer as
you need for some of the other sister
domains.
The data needs are big, um but while
there's a lot of audio data, we knew
that the thing to actually get that
audio working, you will need to figure
out how to transcribe a lot of that data
and annotate a lot of that data, which
we knew we can do. And then ultimately
it all boiled down to architectural side
of can we can we solve that part
in a good way. And here my co-founder is
one of the smartest people I know
and and a great researcher and has been
able to assemble some of the best people
in audio to to help us. and we took a
slightly untraditional approach at the
time. We started we started in London.
We had a lot of people between London
and Warsaw and started a company in
remote completely remote way. So we
wanted to hire the best researchers
wherever they were.
We were going through the classic GitHub
scraping and and and trying to reach
people based on their work instead of
based on their presence and based on
that work we would reach out to those
people.
We would always share our examples and
try to get them to join the team and
that's how we assemble the first the
first set of of of people who we think
are some of the best
researchers in that audio domain and
through the years they still help us
crank a lot of those models in into
production.
Um
then we launched the product. I think
the slightly different approach we took
was monetizing very quickly. So trying
to get some of the revenue stream back
so we can fund a lot of the work and the
models. We try to stay uh
stay
healthy on the margins so we can
continue investing with the assumption
that it's better for us to figure out
that stream and be be able to be
independent in that development. Um but
then as the ambitions grew we knew that
we needed to train models so we of
course brought a lot of
money externally as well. And I think
like projecting to today one thing
that's clear for us is there's still so
many of those niches that people don't
tackle that that you can start with and
then step-by-step start opening them
them up.
I think a lot of customers see 11 Labs
through their narrow needs, right? Um
maybe take a zoomed out view. Like what
is the suite of models that 11 Labs
works on? How do you prioritize them?
How do you organize R&D? Etc.
Yeah, so we started um we started with
the first text-to-speech model. So the
model that could finally understand the
context of what's being written and
based on that context context
understanding get the right
emotion the right intonation from text.
So if it's a happy sentence you get that
happiness out. If it's a uh it's a
dialogue, it can pronounce the dialogue
out. And then continuously started
adding that. So, it started with the
problem of of breaking down language
barriers.
Um
the things you need to solve dubbing is
transcription, so understanding, then
the the translation, and then
text-to-speech. So, we first solved
text-to-speech. Then we knew we needed
to add the other component, which is
speech-to-text and being able to
transcribe content in a in a great way.
Then how we combine those models
together.
So, that's kind of was the first three
models in the first first couple of
years. And then of course the other
things started happening across the
space, which is that a lot of the
reasoning models started becoming quick
enough and smart enough at the same
time, where you could imagine those
interactive experiences being possible.
And that's where we started launching
our
more of the real-time streaming models
across audio, and then combining those
into conversational experiences. So, we
added effectively all the stack, all the
turn-taking and orchestration to create
a voice engine for a voice for a voice
agent. Um and then on the other side as
we realized that the emotionality is
something we can solve, uh we added some
of the hardest modality in in in audio,
which is music and being able to produce
music. So, today we spun entirety of the
research of audio, where it's
text-to-speech, speech-to-text, um
combining those models together in both
localization with dubbing, with uh
orchestration with voice agent voice
engine, and then uh and then being able
to do that across music as well.
And what's the um
all those things and all that
interesting development work
uh was there any oh wow moment in terms
of what these products are capable of
that you can you can remember?
Yeah, there's so many and it's kind of
the bar changes for all of us. The first
moment for us uh was
well, first moment for us they always
use my voice as a testing voice because
it has this weird accent. And uh and the
first time was like when when we could
replicate my voice based on a good
sample, that was like a first wow moment
to to myself and you always go for this
moment like this is not how my voice
sounds like and then you listen to
yourself side by side and it's like
definitely how it sounds like.
Uh uh unfortunately,
uh then the the second moment was where
we first got it to laugh
and people were like, "Okay, this is
actually the thing that that makes the
the whole experience more human. The the
laughter, the pauses, the ums, the ahs,
the imperfections." So, we started
getting those uh out and uh those were
the moment for us because we made it to
the top of Hacker News with the first AI
that can laugh uh uh a model, which was
a very proud moment for us. One of the I
feel like pinnacles of the voice
performance, Matthew McConaughey giving
his newsletter and his iconic lines in
in in Spanish and Portuguese, where for
the first time his family who speaks
that language could hear him speak those
languages, too. Um but for more recent
pieces, the two two ones that we are
excited about bringing to production,
I think the first one is uh finally
figuring out the emotional intelligent
in that interactive experience. So, in
the voice agent experience where it
doesn't only get the right uh intonation
emotion, but can understand the other
side. If somebody is stressed, it gets
and delivers that uh that that soothing,
reassuring emotion. If if someone is
excited, maybe it matches that. If
someone speaks slowly, it makes sure to
slow down. And that emotional
intelligence is something that we are
finally seeing internally uh a path to
solving, which will be just a a a
a continuous step change to to what's
possible. And then the second one,
uh which will apply there, but also
apply into general audio spaces, audio
general intelligence where you can
combine audio models together in one
stream. So, you could theoretically have
a model that narrates, then pauses and
let's say starts singing with that same
continuous voice. And that's something
that's extremely hard to combine today
and and something that would be would be
possible, I think, very very soon.
And voice imagine, you know, voice
agents. And it seems like everybody is
at least on the customer side,
everyone's buying a voice agent. Um
and I think intuitively you think
customer support, um
you know, the old phone tree
replacement. Uh what's actually going on
in the world of voice agents? And what
do you think are are the most
interesting overlooked opportunities,
spots where startup founders should
focus?
Yeah, the of course the customer support
is probably the one that everybody heard
and and knows about very very well. Um I
think the second thing and the second
thread we are seeing is increasing shift
to revenue-generating opportunities
where voice agents can act in sales,
whether it's inbound or outbound sales
of of sales. It doesn't replace the
entire experience, but takes and
amplifies part of that experience. Um
maybe a good example is Deliveroo, where
Deliveroo will have voice agents that
contact the restaurants to capture their
opening times. And based on their
opening times, they can update the
riders and drivers. And of course, the
people ordering on when to get to to
that work. All the way through to the
inbound sales, where increasingly
people, that's a good example of
Deutsche Telekom, will be contacting to
inquire about the service, inquire to
buy a
a product. And
instead of going through the drop down,
instead of going through the form, you
can speak with the voice agent to leave
that information. Uh we do it ourselves,
too, so we have a good metrics of an
understanding of what's happening there.
One, of course, so much simpler and
quicker to go through instead of going
through that form. But the second thing
that started happening in that inbound
sales flow is we uh we had a lot more
information that people started leaving
because they would speak about the use
case they are coming with, but then
where it's not working, where it's
working, some of the other use cases
that they are evaluating. Which we can
combine and then just deliver such a
much better experience afterwards. On
the overlooked side,
uh
I think my favorite example there's the
citizen support education and healthcare
will completely change. On the citizen
support, like all of us would
would benefit from just generally better
government access, whether that's
understanding how to fill in the taxes
that I think many of you went through
earlier this this month,
all the way through to just learning how
what is the policy for travel abroad and
and and and and how that might affect
the the the space. We've recently seen
that work deployed in government of
Ukraine. We think is like one of the
most advanced governments on that front.
We traveled to Ukraine
working with their team and what they
are trying to solve is they they have a
a government app which every citizen can
access and get information about what's
happening, but given the war, given the
the the frontline and lack of that
access, they wanted to figure out a new
channel for people to be able to call in
and get that information. So, they
created voice agent effectively
where you can where you can call in and
get the information about what's
happening on the frontline. You can get
education help and some of the lectures
delivered to your to your kids all the
way through to proactive engagement
about about staying safe and staying
staying out there. And maybe last
example on education front, and that's
probably my favorite one as I think
about that changing, it's it's just how
incredible would it be to have a uh
someone that is an incredible teacher
available 24/7 we can ask him questions
whether it's Karpathy all the way
through to Richard Feynman and and you
can learn physics with them on the
headphones while you are teaching that
subject or learning that subject. And
and that's something that we are seeing
pockets of. Like a great example is
MasterClass where MasterClass of course
collaborates with incredible teachers to
deliver static lectures, but recently
they launched an interactive version of
that. Uh so, for I don't know if that
will be a good reference for for this
this audience, but we
we recently worked with them on bringing
Gordon Ramsay that can teach you
cooking. So, while you're in the kitchen
he can shout at you effectively
to get to get better or maybe a better
one there is a Chris Voss where you can
of course learn negotiation but you can
learn by negotiating with Chris live on
the phone to to to to get better which I
thought was a phenomenal subject. Having
negotiated against Mati a number of
times around financing rounds, I
understand now. I think it helps you to
say this but I think the [laughter]
opposite opposite is true.
Um
Uh ask more questions I want to save
time for the audience as well. Um maybe
one
as Constantine mentioned more than 100
million of net new ARR in Q1. Obviously
the business is going very well.
Um and you're sort of pioneering the
startup founder building a foundation
model applications.
Um any counterintuitive lessons about
building a company in this era that for
the founders in the audience they may
want to take home with them.
So we are just for reference we are
uh uh just over 400 people over 400
million in revenue uh but still keep the
teams extremely small so it's it's like
rough arbitrary a little bit cop is is
less than 10 people is for each of the
the research product even the the
go-to-market ops talent teams are all
smaller than that size. Um
most of people will have 10 direct
reports or so it keeps it relatively
flat and allows us to move move a little
bit quicker. One thing that we've done
which is in this model and very
surprisingly this is very similar model
that we've seen actually with the
government of Ukraine. Each of the teams
even the teams that aren't
uh technical teams will have engineers
within them.
So our people team our go-to-market team
our uh legal team will have an engineer
in that team that helps to build of
course automation upskill uplevel the
the rest of the people and recently that
really helps because as I'm sure many of
you are going through everybody will be
wipe coding and coding a lot of the the
help even if they are not technical so
now that kind of shifted the
responsibility not the not the
responsibility but shifted the
requirement of how good the review needs
to be for all of that work. Whereas
security infrastructure implications,
you will want to make sure that the
output is right.
And everything on the engineering side
you can put that expectation on the
non-engineering side the
the ability to do is that is is
relatively hard. So that technical
research in those teams helped us a lot
to to figure this this out. And and in
general there's just so many incredible
work you can do by having that whether
that's the scraping on the hiring and
recruiting front or analyzing what
worked in the past to improve in the
future, whether that's
upscaling the legal team on how to use
those tools and then figuring out ways
of recently introduced a scoring system
for those on the go to market on the
sales side. You frequently will end up
in this negotiation with your sales team
of can I give
indemnity provisions? What's the
liability cap? Can I give this set of
clauses? And then you kind of need to
draw the line of how many things you
give. And I ended up being in so many of
those conversations that we gave already
a lot or we didn't. So now we introduced
a scoring system that you can give per
per size of the customer you can just
give a few of those points out and in.
Um
we just made it so much easier and of
course that's fully automated now with
with with how we work across that team.
So that was one of the unintuitive small
teams bringing technical talent in the
non-technical teams,
keeping relatively flat. We also have no
titles which allows us
to to to bring people and and really
optimize for impact that they are having
and then you can grow as quickly as as
as as you want. The tenure will not
define this
and and many more. So we'll see. It's
four years old company. So we'll see if
that's helps.
Any questions?
Oh no. Okay, Sonia.
Are you seeing people deploy voice
agents to actually negotiate on their
behalf? And then when you are you
starting to see agents actually
negotiate with agents? Um and sorry, I I
do three-part questions. Uh
when that when that world happens, do
you think the agents are actually
talking to each other the way that
humans talk to communicate and
negotiate, or do you think it's beep
boop beep boop? Do you think it's, you
know, it's all done instantaneously?
Like how how's how's that world going to
look like?
So, one early inklings of that, we
haven't seen any truly successful on the
negotiation front. It was like more, you
know, kind of order taking. What's the
price? Can we capture that? And then
kind of goes back to the team. So, not
real negotiation. But, there's uh
there's few startups that we see
especially on any any like
organizational shifts of can I organize
this event, calling calling a lot of
places, getting the price, and then
calling again with like our budget. So,
that is happening, and I think this will
shift. I think it emotional intelligence
will like This is the big part that will
start being important in a lot of that
work, where it's not only the content
that matters, but how you deliver, when
you pause, uh uh that work. And then
maybe the extreme version of that, which
agents are uh
are not like most of the people wouldn't
do it, and and they are not good at
that, is today you will see a lot of
interruptibility built in, where human
can interrupt the agent. But, with
negotiation, you also want the opposite,
where agent will interrupt the human.
It's kind of the extreme version of
that. On the second part, on the
agent-to-agent part,
uh uh
Some of you might have seen this uh the
the we did a hackathon over a year and a
half ago, and that was exactly the case
where agent was speaking with another
agent. They detected that they are
both agents, and they swapped over to
the to the different language, and
that's like a more of a uh
more efficient transmitter of
information than just the the classic
um
um spoken word. And uh I think this will
happen. I 100% like the the the big
question will be really voice, will it
be other transmission of information? Um
it depends truly on what the
infrastructure is built for, and I think
this will define that that experience.
Yes.
Okay.
So you're going to catch box.
Hey.
>> [snorts]
>> Curious how you're thinking about the
need for voice in a future where agents
do more and more of the work.
So basically what are the kind of use
cases maybe where human conversation I
think it's more of a follow up to the
last question.
Like first
you all of us will have so many
different devices around us and
step from that you will have robots
around us. So of course voice will be
such an important interface to to
instruct and and be able to interact
with those those those those devices. In
many ways I feel like the you know we
see a lot of developments of of
intelligence but then the the real
bottleneck of the future will be how we
communicate with that intelligence and I
have voice and visual part will will be
a big unlock to be able to actually get
the most of that intelligence value in
those settings which
which which which isn't
yet possible.
But on the flip side it's a it's yet the
value of the human to human interaction
will only increase. So like the the
whether that's the events like this one
whether that's events with your favorite
artist
will will increase in value
with that ability of having voice all
all around you.
But the trust will be such a big part
and something we optimize for like in
between the agent and human of you know
in the in the future where all of you
will all of us will have a voice agent
for example to call and book a
restaurant or
give information to a health care
appointment.
All of that will require such a high
degree of trust that this is you and and
and authenticated user. There'll be like
a level of
encoding and decoding for real then
encoding decoding for water might opted
in human and then by default everything
else will be
fake which is kind of the opposite of
how it is today. You detect for AI but
you will detect for real authenticated
AI in the future and assume it's fake.
Uh if you could pass it that way.
Uh Andre spoke earlier about jagged
intelligence. Do you see similar odd
places in audio where models are good
and the bad that you might not expect
and yeah, what are they?
The
um there's still so much on the on the
on the bad side. I think the
you know, like we spoke a little bit
about where we see the voice agents
working. So like this combination of the
models together um and support settings
works really well, works reliably. And
early sales starts working, but like the
moment you start swapping to a true
emotional interaction, not yet working.
It's um it doesn't get the emotion that
that well. It's slightly too slow.
Uh so that is still like um I think a
big step change that should work. Um
same will apply on a on a very different
domain on on the music side. I think in
the music side you
uh
you can get you can get good production
music. You cannot get top charts music
even with artist input. Um I think this
will change over the next over the next
year or two. Can I ask a follow-up on Of
course. Andre's take was that the the
the reason for that was that the labs
were basically training for the stuff
that had economic value. Where you're
training your models, is that true of
you? Are you basically training for the
things that make the most money or is it
that there are some challenges that are
genuinely harder than others?
The
I don't know. We we try to train the
models, build a product and an ecosystem
that will drive of course the biggest
impact for for for for all our
customers, all users, which should
correlate of course with the revenue in
the long term. So like that long term
perspective, that's it's going to be
like minimal over the next few years, so
not next year.
Um
so frequently we will train the models
that might not provide that value in the
short term. Or even step before, we'll
like I so much time labeling the data,
not only the what of audio, but also how
of audio. Like what emotions did I use?
Um what is my voice described as? What
is this music described as? So we
assembled a team of now thousand plus
people that have been voice coaches,
musicians, artists before that can help
us annotate that behind the scenes. And
that will not provide value in the next
6 to 12 months, but we think it will in
the next 10 to 12 to 24. Um and then you
of course need to collect that data,
which frequently just isn't that
accessible as well.
Hey, last one and then we'll go to
lunch.
Hey.
Can you hear me? Thanks. Big fan of
yours and 11 Labs. Thank you.
What do you think from from the model
air perspective, what do you think are
the moats here with with audio models?
The labs are going there, not going
there. What are the kind of, you know,
in this sausage making of making a real
good frontier audio [snorts] model? What
what are the the main defensible parts
there?
At the um
So of course we do a
a variety of models and
recently had a pleasure of meeting
Jensen and he was commenting on a few of
those models and he said that our speech
to text our speech to text models are
technology and text to speech is
artistry and we are all artists.
So he gained a client for life.
But of course we do believe there's a
little bit of that to to really fix text
to speech and fix that emotionality. You
you you you will need to be really
focused on that space. You really need
to get in front of users, collect the
data, collect the preferences, use that
to fine tune the models and then there
is a domain specificity in how you
actually bring those models to
production. In health care very
different than in financial services,
very different than in education or
experiences. So that's on the model
layer. I think there will be continuous
advantage that if you actually care
about the quality,
that like actually spending the time on
the model work will will will help you
keep that advantage. But to your point,
the models and like a lot of use cases
will use a model as just a small part of
their stack. And that's where we spend a
lot of time and like beyond going beyond
the research on on the product side of
how you understand a user's problem, the
workflow that they need.
Um invoice agents is combining the audio
models with knowledge
uh and bringing that inside of the the
the system, how you bring it outside
with telephony systems so you can
interact across channels, how you
evaluate, test, and monitor. Um and then
as you create, whether that's in the
agent space, whether that's in the
creative space, that's some
understanding, you build the ecosystem.
And that's what we hope to build across
11 labs, a place where whether that's
distribution and brand that people can
trust, the platform where you have
pre-existing set of work that you can
start off, whether it's a template for
creating an agent, template for creating
uh a workflow in a creative space, or
whether that's a voice. And we had a
pleasure now of of having over
20,000 voices that people created,
contributed, that you can you can use
across language styles and voices. And I
think that will be an increasingly
important layer of how you are able to
cater to that diversity, make it easy
for people to start, and really
understand that that workflow.
All right, I'm going to hand it back to
Konstantin Mali. Thank you. Andrew,
thanks for being partner. Yes.
>> [applause]
>> Amazing. [cheering] Thank you, guys.